---
title: What I want to achieve in the next two years
date: 2023-08-19 06:35:38 +0200
categories: [journal, morning]
tags: [journal]
pin: false
---

As I said before, I'm doing this journal to help myself improve my lifestyle, get rid of the bad habits I have, improve my good traits, understand more about myself and in the end being happy with who I am.

For now I will write a list of all the things in my life I'm not happy with, all the things I want to change and I will try to keep track of them as my days go on.
Things I check won't be in a particular order, I want to get rid of my problems, all of them or at least most of them, I don't want to focus too much on the first objective in the list and not work on the others.
 
* [ ] Set a healthy **sleep schedule**: I want to get enough sleep every night and wake up pretty early (right now I try to wake up at 6a.m. but it's arbitrary, may be later or earlier in the future), I don't want to feel sleepy the whole day.
* [ ] Establish a **daily routine**: Force myself into making this routine part of my life.
    * [ ] **Morning routine** with basic tasks like breakfast, a bit of exercises, shower.
    * [ ] **Workout routine**, not necessary an heavy workout, I can start light and increase the load after, what is important to me is to keep the routine daily to make it part of my life.
* [ ] Create a **better environment** for me to live in: not working from the bed since I get sleepy, trying not to stay sit for too long but moving around, taking care of plants.
* [ ] Overcome my **addictions**:
    * [ ] Reduce my **screen time** for stuff that is not related to work: (social, games, etc.), and using that time instead for reading, working on my passions or learning new stuff.
    * [ ] Completely forget about **porn** and masturbation.
    * [ ] Reduce my **coffee** consumption, as in the last couple of years, with the quarantine, I started drinking coffee more[^1].
* [ ] Actual **workout**: I don't want to be a bodybuilder but I'm not confident with my body, my BMI is not that bad (19.8) but it's on the lower hand, and I want to fix that.
* [ ] Have more **confidence in myself**: I'm able to talk with people, even strangers, without much of a problem, what I struggle with is opening myself to people, telling how I feel.
I would never be able to confess to a girl, for example, and this made me suffer a lot in the past so I absolutely need to change that.

For now I'm able to do all of that since it's the end of the summer, I have no impending exam, no lectures to follow and can fully focus on keeping my habits, I hope to be able to manage them well before the next academic year so when they will all come together it wont feel as an impossible challenge but more like another step towards my goal.

I give myself a 2 years period because in a couple of weeks I will enter what will probably be the most intense period of my life: starting university in a new country, no friends, near-zero knowledge of the language, all the chores my parents took care of up until now are on me, I have to pay bills monthly.
Will surely be an important step of my life that will lead me to growth and through which I will understand lot of things.

[^1]: Funny story about this addiction: it started not as an addiction to caffeine, with the quarantine it has become almost a ritual to go in the kitchen, fill the Moka with water and coffee and stay together talking while waiting for the coffee to be ready and while drinking the coffee, so at the beginning it was a nice reunion moment, but obviously I became addicted to caffeine: not drinking it made me extremely sleepy, so I want to reduce my coffee consumption, maybe finding something else to replace it, not for the caffeine itself but for the nice moments it offered staying with my parents or with my friends.
